Include lambda shorthand notation in "Lambda Expressions: The fun Keyword" page (#43675)
dotnet/docs: docs/fsharp/language-reference/functions/lambda-expressions-the-fun-keyword.md

fun parameter-list -> expression
```

or using the _.Property shorthand notation:

```fsharp
_.
```

> where `fun`, *parameter-list* and lambda arrow (`->`) is omitted and the `_.` is a part of *expression* where `_` replaces the parameter call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where `fun`, *parameter-list* and lambda arrow (`->`) is omitted and the `_.` is a part of *expression* where `_` replaces the parameter symbol.

The following snippets are equivalent:
`(fun x -> x.Property)`
`_.Property`

```

fun parameter-list -> expression
```

> or using the _.Property shorthand notation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Or using the `_.Property` shorthand notation:
```

```fsharp
_.
```

> where `fun`, *parameter-list* and lambda arrow (`->`) is omitted and the `_.` is a part of *expression* where `_` replaces the parameter symbol.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`fun`, *parameter-list*, and lambda arrow (`->`) are omitted, and the `_.` is a part of *expression* where `_` replaces the parameter symbol.
```

The following snippets are equivalent:

> `(fun x -> x.Property)`
> `_.Property`
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

`(fun x -> x.Property)`
`_.Property`
```

## Using Lambda Expressions

> Lambda expressions are especially useful when you want to perform operations on a list or other collection and want to avoid the extra work of defining a function. Many F# library functions take function values as arguments, and it can be especially convenient to use a lambda expression in those cases. The following code applies a lambda expression to elements of a list. In this case, the anonymous function checks if an element is a text ending with specified characters.

Reviewer 3: grammar nit:

```suggestion
Lambda expressions are especially useful when you want to perform operations on a list or other collection and want to avoid the extra work of defining a function. Many F# library functions take function values as arguments, and it can be especially convenient to use a lambda expression in those cases. The following code applies a lambda expression to elements of a list. In this case, the anonymous function checks if an element is text that ends with specified characters.
```

[!code-fsharp[Main](~/samples/snippets/fsharp/lang-ref-1/snippet302.fs)]

> The above shows both notations: using the `fun` keyword, and the shorthand `_.Property` notation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The previous code snippet shows both notations: using the `fun` keyword, and the shorthand `_.Property` notation.
```
